Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds - Red Right Hand (Peaky Blinders OST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGD2N5hJ2e0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=2&t=0s

Martha's Dream - Nick Cave & Warren Ellis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AB-tBa5j0yQ&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=3&t=0s

The White Stripes I think I smell a rat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kfx80H3N1g&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=4&t=0s

"St. James Infirmary Blues" - The White Stripes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1ASTu7XNts&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=5&t=0s

Queenie's suite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoRJAmT6KWU&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=6&t=0s

Nick Cave ft. Warren Ellis - Song for Jesse (The Assassination of Jesse James)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUXgxHj4z5Q&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=7&t=0s

Nick Cave- The boatman's call  - people ain't no good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn-wrPf5Ls0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=8&t=0s

The White Stripes "The Hardest Button To Button"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3ceE43AHyw&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=9&t=0s

The Proposition OST - The Proposition #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX2oYPzr3jY&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=10&t=0s

The White Stripes Black math
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VfnSZt-5pw&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=11&t=0s

brother, my cup is empty - nick cave and the bad seeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IB4p6W5PVuc&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=12&t=0s

The White Stripes Little room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJe9msZaGB8&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=13&t=0s

The White Stripes When I hear my name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1pRw25_JLg&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=14&t=0s

Abattoir Blues - Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYPdxKEcvMw&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=15&t=0s

The White Stripes - I Fought Piranhas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AN_Ce5y7XRE&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=16&t=0s

The Raconteurs: Broken Boy Soldier (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x5skzfGp-s&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=17&t=0s

Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds - Bring It On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJKCdo_lYaM&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=18&t=0s

The White Stripes Ball and biscuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urEeUMqRhA4&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=19&t=0s

The White Stripes- Little Cream Soda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SicUcvP_P7k&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=20&t=0s

Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds - God Is In The House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xnh4psx0Hfo&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=21&t=0s

Tom Waits - Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAB4uGGquX4&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=22&t=0s

I Am Stretched On Your Grave - Kate Rusby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95I7t1znYFk&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=23&t=0s

Dan Auerbach - The Prowl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcunGT_KsfM&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=24&t=0s

''Love Is Blindness''  Jack White
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9CWZ54-vZA&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=25&t=0s

The Dead Weather - Rocking Horse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtoL7y9jEyQ&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=26&t=0s

Johnny Cash - Danny Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egf4X1UzsAA&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=27&t=0s

Long Snake Moan~PJ Harvey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=287ZhHjEBKs&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=28&t=0s

PJ Harvey - Down By The Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbq4G1TjKYg&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=29&t=0s

PJ Harvey - Man-Size
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuJE40OBt48&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=30&t=0s

A Perfect Day Elise-PJ Harvey (Is This Desire?).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XPkZwuUlKY&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=31&t=0s

[Deleted video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfQUxhfZndA&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=32

The Kills- Pull A U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An-aifBbCx4&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=33&t=0s

Dan Auerbach - I Want Some More (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmFW6LGJKD4&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=34&t=0s

Arctic Monkeys - If You Were There, Beware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVOwOzL9uDQ&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=35&t=0s

Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds - (Mojo Filter Remix) Red Right Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIhwFXEKaJQ&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=36&t=0s

Arctic Monkeys - R U Mine?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngzC_8zqInk&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=37&t=0s

PJ Harvey - When Under Ether
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFWCF8NAZGo&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=38&t=0s

Red Right Hand - Arctic Monkeys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7psIbGeoij0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=39&t=0s

PJ Harvey - Is This Desire?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v93nQvWAZc8&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=40&t=0s

Royal Blood - Out Of The Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_3mNCaJgNM&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=41&t=0s

PJ Harvey - All And Everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjMLG05Db8M&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=42&t=0s

Nick Cave and Bad Seeds Loverman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QEVZ-9-nX0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=43&t=0s

PJ Harvey - Red Right Hand (Nick Cave cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpSfqI0DSHk&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=44&t=0s

[Deleted video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3hf_BSkufw&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=45

Catherine-PJ Harvey (Is This Desire?).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg3ZHDDqZew&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=46&t=0s

Working For The Man-PJ Harvey (Track 03).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vptS5eTjedE&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=47&t=0s

PJ Harvey - C'mon Billy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr1j3GfJuR4&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=48&t=0s

Arctic Monkeys - One For The Road (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN7gSMPQFss&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=49&t=0s

Arctic Monkeys - Arabella (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn6-TItCazo&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=50&t=0s

pj harvey my naked cousin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67yVh7qwgd0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=51&t=0s

Pistol Day Parade - Where I Lay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S74QgEElo7E&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=52&t=0s

Ane Brun - All My Tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNSBctmMI3k&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=53&t=0s

Arctic Monkeys - Do I Wanna Know? (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpOSxM0rNPM&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=54&t=0s

Royal Blood - Come On Over (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nG1gRK5b_v0&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=55&t=0s

The Kills - Fried My Little Brains (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdisJv5j0xo&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=56&t=0s

Black Rebel Motorcycle Club - River Styx (2010) HD w/lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhOgnWeUX6Y&list=PLC6yCcnXPZpEm24wZyDaQ7au8YXbzQcsk&index=57&t=0s

